update README to mention initialization of Service Account (#161)
onflow/kitty-items: README.md

2)  Run `flow project deploy --network emulator`
    - All contracts are deployed to the emulator.

> 3) Visit `http://localhost:3001` and follow instructions in "Initializethe Service Account to mint Kitty Items" at the top of the home app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Visit `http://localhost:3001` and follow the instructions "Initialize the Service Account to mint Kitty Items" at the top of the webpage.
```
